it's of primary importance that you
remove the silver skin whether it's a UH
a piece out of the hindquarter are the
tenderloin and you just take your knife
and you work it very carefully so that
you separate the silver skin from the
meat your body does not digest a silver
skin it doesn't taste good and it
doesn't smell good two good reasons or
three good reasons not to eat it I have
some Dijon mustard just regular old
Dijon mustard if you don't have any you
could use a whole-grain mustard or even
a yellow mustard if you don't have any
other line around and I just want to
coat the tenderloin with the mustard and
what this is going to do it's not only
going to give it flavor but it's going
to give something for the peppercorns
and the kosher salt to stick to this is
going to be a very very simple appetizer
we're going to make here these are some
freshly ground different colored
peppercorn this is kosher salt I'm a
strong believer in using a coarse salt
like either kosher salt or a sea salt
you have a much better feel for how much
you're putting on the food that your
season it more the black pepper that's
kosher salt and that's pepper and I've
got a hot skillet over here with a
little bit of olive oil in it this is
going to go right into the skillet
alright as meat cooks it becomes more
firm let me turn this down just a little
bit as you can tell when I push down
right now the meat stays down once it
starts to cook and becomes more on the
rare side and medium rare sight it will
start to spring back at me a little bit
we're making an appetizer this deer when
it's done is going to go on some toast
like this this is just a sourdough
baguette French bread I've got some
olive oil that has been sitting with a
little bit of garlic and I'm just going
to brush the olive oil and garlic onto
each one of these guys that would be
fine i have a preheated 350-degree oven
i'm going to pop this in the oven and
all i want to do is brown it oh that is
absolutely beautiful you can tell that
it's getting nice and brown and it's
starting to firm up is
primary importance that you don't go
beyond medium rare with this we're going
to slice it put it on tell us we made
I've got a little that herb garlic
mayonnaise on there just to make it look
pretty green onion red bell pepper
perfectly cooked venison tenderloin look
at the color on that it's nice and red
to put that one right in the center and
to make it look even better I've got
some more green onion red bell pepper
we're just going to put it around the
outside there make it look pretty